“Dad: CHARACTER, you’ve been occupying your television too long. I could use a hand in the back yard with these leaves. Grab a rake and join me.” Reluctantly, I mash the power button of my gamecube and grab my overcoat. 
I went to the garage and grabbed the second of our families two rakes, this one having green wires. Stepping outs into the cold November afternoon, I walked to what’s considered to be the beginning of our backyard and start to rake leaves without muttering a word to my dad. It irritated me, having to draw breath from the chilly autumn air, which hit my throat with unwelcome cold as made its way down my respiratory system. We worked in silence. 
I could be inside playing Mario Sunshine, enjoying the warm Delfino plaza with the heater aiding my fantasy. That’d be nice…
“Dad: CHARACTER, you know your mother and I have been thinking.”
My heart jumped as he broke our silence for the first time since we started, and then sunk as oncoming arrival of bad news seemed imminent.  
“Dad: We’ve been thinking our homeschooling you has been a success on our part, but you’ve been unable to exercise your social skills. With as much time put into gaming as you’ve put, we’re afraid that we’re making a good for nothing NEET weeaboo game freak out of you” (not actual text lol, you guys get the idea)  
“Player: Nah, fuck u dadeo, fuck this, fuck these leaves, I’ma go to school, but I’m playin me some Mario rite now”


I can’t believe they think of me that way. My friends on reddit, facebook, twitter, serenesforest, gamefaqs, 4chan…I consider them to be my real friends. We spend hours of our lives enjoying mind numbing memes about the likes of Adolf hitler and the illuminati in hopes to dampen the flames of our inner nihilism. Friends do that, right?
I go to /b/ and comment in the comment box:
I’m 17 years old and my parents have been homeschooling me my whole life. Today my dad told me that this year I’ll be attending a public school on the single basis that I have no friends. That’s fucking ridiculous, as you guys are all my friends. 
I wait for a reply…
lololol pussy faggot I’m sure you’re a neckbeard littledick (Player is bombarded with negative comments)
I flop on my spiderman themed bunk bed. Okay, never mind. I guess this is a good thing. But how do I know that the people at this public school won’t treat me like these asswipes on the internet just did? I get underneath my blankets and try to fall asleep.




That Monday my mom took me to an add description about this building. I followed her up the stairway and into an office room where a large woman sat behind a small desk. She pointed my mother and I to an open door which we both entered. On the desk DISCRIPTION was a plaque which read Principal Masahiro Sakurai.   
“Mr.Sakurai: Mrs. Player, and Hello young man!”
He gets up out of his chair and gives a light bow before shaking our hands.
“Mr. Sakurai: I’m glad that you’ve given this school the opportunity to give you your first public learning experience. We strive to create an environment that is easily accessible to everyone, and it’s my strong desire that this school will be one you can enjoy attending for years to come”.
This guy means business. His eyes are deep and his demeanor calm, cold, and calculated, despite the warmth of his welcoming words. Alliteration, damn!
“Mom: We hope that Player can make friends and blahblah”
“Sak: Let me get one of our students to give you a tour of the school. Tomorrow you’ll start tomorrow. 
They wait outside. 
Arrives a small young boy in a baseball cap and striped t-shirt. He’s a few inches shorter than I am. 
“Boy: Hiya there! You must be the student I’m supposed to show around. My name is Ness”
“Player: You mean like Nintendo Entertainment System?”
“Ness: with an extra ‘S’ on the end, yeah. Let’s start walking!”
leaves mom behind because social skills must become acquired.

The tour starts. Ideas on where they go, what they see, who they meet and how they meet them.
-Cafeteria (popular kids aka Falco falcon peach sitting at a table) (another table has other characters Samus, Yoshi, game and watch) upon leaving the café, perhaps this is when Fox bumps into Player as Emi did in KS. That’d be sick.
Stops at a water fountain: Meets up with Jigglypuff, who introduces herself and alludes to...something. You see a burned girl (Roy). You take another sip of water from the fountain. She asks why you take another sip of water “No reason ;)” (+1 puff), “I’m just really thirsty(0)” “silence (Spell bound by roy, comes off as annoyance)” (-1) Puff either becomes embarrassed, bouncy as usual, or defensive.
Art room (Mewtwo is there being autistic and such),
music room (link, shiek, and dk are jamming out as Ness and Player walk in) 
gymnasium (First dialogue with Pikachu. Mario is first seen cleaning up some vomit)
on the stands of the gym we have the low tiers. Bowzer, Pichu, and Kirby. A choice is given to what you say to Kirby and she adjusts herself to whatever you choose to say, allowing the beginning light to be shed on her volatile and over accommodating nature.
Homeroom teacher : Ganandorf (he’s a legit ass hole and will cum inside you forcefully) “Ness: Damn, I feel bad for you, son.”

Goes back to mom and she and player returns to the car. She gives you the decision on how to spend the rest of the afternoon. Do you go out to the park first or do you go to the mall to get school supplies first?

If you choose to go to the mall first, you have many choices. A) Buy a music CD (+1 music peeps) B) Buy a cool Lunchbox (+1 Peach Samus) C) Kirby Air Ride GCN (Kirby) D) Save your money (+Mewtwo)
You then go to the park, but it’s getting dark so you’re mom wants to leave.

If you choose to go to the park, you have another choice A) sit at the bench B) Play ball with kids. If you decide to sit at the bench, Jigglypuff appears and talks to you. You get distracted by birds flying in the sky. She asks you what the matter is. You A) Say “oh nothing” (+1 Puff Marth Roy) B) distracted by birds (+1 Fox) 
If you B) Play ball with kids, you meet Falco on the b.ball court and start playing hoops. You get distracted by birds, and Falco asks what’s wrong. A) “Nothing, I’m going to win” (+1 Pikachu) B) distracted by birds (1+ Fox). After your mom comes back around with the car, she takes you to the mall. You may or may not have enough time to use any of your allowance for extra spending before your mom wants to leave.

Player goes to sleep…
Next day, the current point possibilities: +1 fox Pikachu shiek link dk Mewtwo peach marf roy samus/ -1 to +2 jigglypuff 0 to 2 Roy (J/R/M  0/1/1  1/2/1  2/1/1  1/1/1 0/0/0 -1/0/0 0/1/0)

Day Two:

Homeroom: Roy is in homeroom, as well as Samus and Peach. 
Do you sit with Peach or Samus at lunch? (+1 peach samus) If you don’t have (+2) the lunch box than Samus and or Peach think you’re a loser and you are forever alone. If you have (+1 or more with either jigs or roy, than you are invited to eat with them and also Marf before leaving class) 
Lunch with Samus/Peach either leads to their respective routes, or another route that isn’t Puff, Roy and marths. (-2 PRM) If you missed puffs route and she’s the only one with +1 besides fox or the for glory end, than you get either of those ends.
Lunch with Puff, Roy, and Marf either leads to Puff route, Fire Emblem route, the fox route, or the low tiers group. 
If you were distracted by birds, you will encounter Fox in the hallway and skip PE with Fox and may choose to start the fox route. If you played a good game with falco, you play ball with Pikachu and start choose to start the Pikachu route. If you have the copy of Kirby’s air ride, than you hang out with the low tiers in the bleechers and may start the Kirby route. If you don’t have +1 fox, pika, music group, Kirby, than hang out with the low tiers in the bleechers without kirby’s air ride. This means you either have the lunch box or you are doing either puffs or fire emblem points. If you have the lunch box and sit with puff and didn’t like her, than you’re forever alone. If you did like her than you’ll get her invitation to chill after school. 
If you have obtained a music CD (+1) than you don’t go to PE and attend music class by your own will. There, you lie to them and tell them that you play either the ukulele (Sheik), pan flute (Link), or the kongas (DK), or you tell the truth (forever alone or jigglypuff). 
If you have avoided all other routes and saved your money at the mall, you encounter Mewtwo in the hallway. He takes you to m2k and skips puff’s safety net encounter. You borrow a copy of melee and a controller, and the next day you decide whether or not you’re gonna be the GOAT or a stinking casual. If casual, you lose at everything forever.

OKOKOKGREATIDEA
FOR GIRLS/ FOR GLORY
if you decide to save your money at the mall, at one point you can either 
A) try to socialize with someone and end up forever alone (failure)
B) get with the low tier route and have one less point that leads you to Kirbys route.
C) FOR GLORY. Join Mewtwo in the artroom. He takes you to the computer lab, where a lone Jason Zimmerman is typing feverously at a keyboard!!! He’ll ask you if you want to borrow a spare copy of Melee and you’re like fuck yes. When the choice comes along and you want to GET GUD, you get into the for glory arc. If you choose to be a casual, you get the shitty semester ending.

In the for glory arc, you join Mewtwo and his king in a smash adventure to be the very best. Meet many smashers along the way, choose a main, host a tournament, there’s an ending somewhere in this…


Mario and luigi are the janitors/lunch people.


